China has maintained a very large growth
rate for a number of years however in
recent times we have witnessed the
slowing down of the growth coming from
China and this has been an effect felt
across the world capital controls are
extremely important here at this time
you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you today we
are going to talk about a whole host of
issues beginning with China I want to
show you a couple things this is quite
interesting we can see that as of let's
say March to April timeframe a definite
sink has been created between these
three China commodities China stocks and
the 10-year yield at Denver's and you're
looking at this right now being quite
identical of course the timeframe is
short but it just shows you how things
really work together
so is this the beginning of an
escalation to that slowdown we have seen
I think it's too early to tell but
should this go any further we know that
it will snowball it will compound now
check this out this article is out of
Bloomberg China's biggest ever for an
acquisition frenzy is ending almost as
dramatically as it began after stunning
the world with a record 246 billion
dollars of announced outbound takeovers
in 2016 Chinese deal makers are now
struggling to cope with tighter capital
controls that's key and increasingly
weary counterparts now check this out
cross-border purchases plunged 67%
during the four months of this year the
biggest drop for a comparable period
since the depths of the global financial
crisis in 2009
and that is accurate data that they're
looking at and it just seems like we are
in the financial crisis part two there's
no denying that this is yet another
indicator how many indicators other than
the current price of the stock market do
we need to go back to the financial
crisis levels or worse but many people
don't see it like that I think it is
significant what's happening in China
right now because I believe much of the
world is reliant on China doing well and
if they can just maintain a growth rate
for a long period of time that would
allow the whole world to just continue
so the US needs to keep doing their
thing China needs to keep doing their
thing and everything is happy well
unfortunately doesn't seem to be the
case and will never be the case at all
times there will be setbacks and then I
want to segue into this Canada's dollar
and bank bonds declined after Moody's
downgraded the nation's banks for the
first time in more than four years
signaling that soaring household debt
huge in Canada combined with runaway
housing prices lead the lenders more
vulnerable to losses and I do stress the
fact that these two are intertwined
because people are buying homes they
cannot afford they get these massive
loans under the understanding that don't
worry about it because housing prices
always go up let's forget about what
happened in the 90s let's go back and
realize what the truth is and all of
that is really part of a maximizing of
the amount of debt that individuals and
governments are all a part of and it
just tells you essentially who has been
downgraded all the big bang
here in Canada and they lowered their
level saying that it's negative on all
six lenders and this here is essentially
just saying that the banks are not safe
enough and so on and so forth you know
if you're going to rate them anywhere in
the a category you're telling a lie so
why even bother I mean I think the
rating should be something more like
that and anyway let's just move on for a
second here we're looking at Mario
Draghi and I thought this was really
really interesting he had a tough
meeting apparently because they were
grilling him truly grilling him on
everything that's happening the ECB's
measures why printing all of this
currency has done nothing and he fights
back and essentially says look we are
creating millions of jobs because we
print money and buy up garbage I don't
see how that works but anyway so part of
what they did and there's a reason I
mentioned is article is that they gave
him at this meeting they gave him a
tulip it was a solar-powered tulip but
essentially this tulip representing the
tulip mania in that hyperinflationary
crisis I think that's really good that
you would actually have individuals that
would do this many would be scared many
wouldn't want to step on anybody's toes
or have this sort of symbolism
especially in the public eye but here it
is and then we look at the champion the
ECB is the greatest central bank in the
world they now have a bigger balance
sheet then the
fed and you can see that here for
yourself the Bank of Japan in a close
third place and this is just something
you know Canada really needs to step it
up a lot we need to print let's do a
hundred trillion let's just do one
hundred trillion we should all chant
together just get that central bank just
riled up and rowdy and print that
hundred trillion dollars let's see what
can happen let's get the stock market
going let's get the Dow Jones at a
million let's get the SNP at five
hundred thousand let's do it
let's print up that currency sounds
right doesn't it Saudi Arabia now there
has been a little bit of back-and-forth
some really unsure as to what's been
happening but ever since Trump has been
in things have been a little softer at
least on the outside
Saudi Arabia preparing to cement ties
with Trump committing to unprecedented
investments in the u.s. among the some
forty billion dollars into u.s.
infrastructure so I do believe that this
is important not just for the amount of
money that's being put in but also the
fact that there are ties and bonds that
are occurring and I believe that country
should be talking to all other countries
there should be no restrictions on that
they should be open discussion with
every country if they want to do deals
together that's fine as long as it
doesn't step on any toes as long it is
not something that is you know
potentially a problem and so there's
more in the article but I just wanted to
basically mention that that the Saudis
are investing forty billion dollars and
I think that this is going to be very
favorable
both sides expanding the whole
petrodollar deal and everything else all
right I couldn't I mean I guess I
shouldn't say that but I mean I almost
couldn't believe this this is right out
of jamming Network calm and if you can
believe this take a look
among 222 novel therapeutics approved by
the FDA from 2001 to 2010 32 percent
were affected by a post market safety
event what is it talking about basically
out of these 2001-2010 32 percent have a
problem imagine when you have the
biggest one of the biggest crises in the
world right now the health crises just a
couple points here when you have the
drugs getting adverse reactions to
people and they are unable to survive
many times these do not get reported in
the way that they should
whether it's an adverse reaction whether
it's a death whatever it doesn't seem to
get reported on the numbers the
statistics and you see those being
skewed they come when they know what the
worst of the worst situations could be
however that it just seems like things
don't get reported the truth isn't
really reported that's that's what I'm
trying to get to and then of course you
have the individuals working for the FDA
the USDA the EPA
and it just so happens that these
individuals are either past present or
future employees of biotech companies
and all these different chemical
manufacturing organizations and
everything else what kind of system have
they set up for us it's unbelievable
truly CIA director ones of Venezuela
weapons transfers the CIA director Mike
Pompeo said his large caches of weapons
in Venezuela and a risk of them falling
into the wrong hands of the country
grapples with economic crises and street
protests and I think that they should be
much more worried at this time about
Mexico and what's happening there right
on the border they can't even handle
that and they're worried about Venezuela
I think that they need to worry about
what's happening within their own
borders and then they need to know
what's happening across the borders as
well and as well as a serious situation
but shouldn't really be on the radar for
the CIA
essentially all they want is a coup they
want to take over they want the oil
that's very clear and that potentially
is the beginning of this happening at
least publicly Trump way sending as many
as 5,000 more troops to Afghanistan what
else is new when we have the
military-industrial complex ruling this
there's no intervention by a president
going to happen I can't believe that the
military-industrial complex rules the
show in this regard and you will see
that taking place when you look at all
of these different countries which have
bombed Libya Yemen you'll see this in
Iraq Afghanistan Syria now you see that
expansion of the troops
within Africa I mean it just gets worse
where all these troops coming from well
they're spread thin to some degree but
also a lot of them are contract work and
this is something that is potentially
dangerous for obvious reasons but anyway
it just seems like it's something that
is expanding and when they said mission
accomplished the war's over we knew that
for either Iraq or Afghanistan it would
certainly not be over for the
foreseeable future now if you found this
video informative please give me a
thumbs up when you give me a thumbs up
it pushes these videos higher up in the
youtube search rankings so I do
appreciate that very much
last but not least if you like this
video you will definitely enjoy my books
first book is about historical analysis
then I get into the four asset classes
from there you learn how to profit from
them my new book is about tax incentives
reducing your debt and becoming
self-sufficient I don't talk necessarily
about you know what they call off-grid
but I'm trying to develop sort of a
mid-ground between that where you would
have these methods of self-sufficiency
but you're not necessarily living in the
middle of nowhere
so that's what I propose in the new book
if you're interested in the audiobook of
global economic collapse just go over to
my website the money GPS comm and you'll
see it there take care